# Community Fridge Finder

One in five children in the US come from food-insecure households [Feeding America](https://www.feedingamerica.org/hunger-in-america#:~:text=More%20than%2047%20million%20people,together%2C%20we%20can%20solve%20it.). Though food insecurity is a multi-faceted problem that requires government involvement, many communities have taken on this problem into their own hands by creating food pantries and free fridges.

Philadelphia has a wide network of free fridges throughout the city. These fridges are maintained by different organizations with each fridge receiving contributions from several kitchens and individual donations, making it complex to find up-to-date information about what kind of food can be found at each fridge, let alone where to find the nearest fridge. 

People who maintain and cook for these fridges also face the problem of not being able to always know the state of a fridge without someone going to check and not knowing what the community needs and wants for these fridges. It is difficult to get direct feedback from fridge users when people are usually in and out of the fridges.

The **Community Fridge Finder** app helps us tackle many of the mentioned problems. It is mostly used as a mobile web-app that is geared towards $\color{rgb(255,171,64)}{\textsf{fridge frequenters}}$ and $\color{rgb(255,171,64)}{\textsf{fridge friends}}$. A $\color{rgb(255,171,64)}{\textsf{fridge frequenter}}$ is somebody who seeks out basic information about the whereabouts of fridges and finds food/meals at them, while a $\color{rgb(255,171,64)}{\textsf{fridge friend}}$ is someone who volunteers with the fridges, may want to start volunteering, or is just a friendly neighbor who wants to report a problem with the fridge. The main purpose of the app for these users is to be able to find fridges, get basic information like what kind of food is there, how to start volunteering, contact information, comments from the others, and recent incident reports. 

The other user for this app will mostly be using this on a laptop, or otherwise bigger screen. The $\color{rgb(0,151,167)}{\textsf{fridge maintenance team}}$'s main goals of this app is to keep fridge information up to date, read, respond to, and resolve incident reports, remove false/irrelevant claims in the comments section, and to download data (from comments and incident reports for their own records). 
